I want the app like:

1. the first page will be login and signup page, the UI should be very smooth and simplistic to use . The box with slighlty curved borders will be on the left side of the page and any image on the right , also the background will be solid.
2. there are two types of login , one is normal end user who's gonna use the app and one is for admin with some extra privelledge features.
3. the normal user app:
after login in the user will see the app page with username and logout option at the top right corner.
the would be two main components in the app , 
a. one is the main one which is used in the above code, upload the excel/pdf or drag and drop and generate the responses (with instruction like the format of excel or pdf), the responses will appear on the screen with three options , accept , regenerate and source (this will show the part /section of the document from where the response in given) this will be for each response. And at the end there will be a download button to download the response file . 
b. the second component is the responsive chatbot on the right side of the page. the logic is same but it is a chatbot , the user will ask any question in the chat window and its response/reply will come , the UI would se exact similar like grok chatbot . In this component there will be a button somehwhere in the corner to download the chat history. 

These two components should be very responsive and should work in paralell, like a user can upload a file and generate the response and meanwhile can also ask any questions to the chatbot.

the admin side page:
all the feature would be same like normal user, just some feature on the right side of page in a sidebar or toolbar; 
a. documents : this is the tab where the admin can see all the uploaded documents/ pdfs the ones used to train this model and can bale to delete or add (upload or drag&drop) more documents directly from the UI. this should be very responsive.
b. user : here the admin can manage al the login users , can delete or add the user . should not see the password of others.

finally the UI is main thing , it would look very professional and production ready app , you can add footer with some details. the colors should be light (white theme or grey theme) the icons or button should be smooth and easy on eyes , use Tailwind CSS. 

use whatever is required to make this project ready for production, only thing is keep the logic same. use database is required to store the users data and documents data.