Question	Answer
Is your organisation ISO27001:2013 certified?	"Yes, our organization used to certified with ISO/IEC 27001:2013. Now we are certified to the latest version i.e. ISO 27001:2022."
Is your organisation aligned with the NIST Cybersecurity Framework?	"Yes, our organization is aligned with the NIST Cybersecurity Framework"
Does your organisation transfer any personal data out of the European Economic Area?	"Yes, our organization does transfer personal data outside of the European Economic Area (EEA).
All such transfers are conducted in compliance with applicable data protection laws, including the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)."
Does your organisation have a nominated Data Protection Officer (DPO)?	"Yes, we have a nominated Data Protection Officer (DPO). The current DPO is Michael Campos"
Does your organisation have an up-to-date Data Protection Policy?	"Yes, our organization has an up-to-date Data Protection Policy that outlines our commitment to the lawful, fair, and transparent processing of personal data in accordance with applicable data protection laws."
Does your organisation maintain a breach log that records details of all personal data breaches?	"Yes, we do have a provision for breach log maintenance that will record details of all personal data breaches. This is not applicable right now as no any personal data breach happened."
Does your organisation have a process for notifying the relevant Supervisory Authority  and all relevant parties when a breach occurs?	"Yes, we have a process for notifying our customers about suspected or actual data breaches and assisting them in meeting breach notification obligations under applicable data protection laws. Netradyne follows a structured breach response process and based on contractual and regulatory requirements, Netradyne assists customers in breach response."
Does your organisation conduct Data Protection Impact Assessments as part of its risk assessment processes?	"Yes, we conduct Data Protection Impact Assessments (DPIAs) as part of our risk assessment processes. DPIAs are conducted whenever a new feature is being developed or any significant change is made to the business, operating or technical environment that is likely to pose a risk to the rights of the data subjects. "
Does your organisation maintain a record of all personal data collection & processing activities?	"Yes, we maintain a record of all personal data collection and processing activities (RoPA)"
Has your organisation defined and documented the lawful basis of each instance of personal data collection or processing?	"As controllers, Netradyne's customers are expected to formalize documentations outlining lawful basis of processing. Typically, this is covered under the DPIA and our DPIA template presents practical options to the customers for deciding on their lawful basis of processing keeping in mind the business purpose(s) of processing, the rights of the data subjects and regulatory obligations."
Can your organisation facilitate an individual's data privacy rights as defined under GDPR?	"Yes, we have a structured process for assisting our customers in responding to data subject requests (DSARs). These are typically also defined in the contractual agreement (DPAs) with the customer. Basically, we would act on the instructions of the customer and not unilaterally respond to data subject requests."
Has your organisation suffered a security incident that led to a Personal Data breach in the last 12 months?	No
Does your organisation have a Records Retention Policy?	"Yes, We do have retention policy. Data retention is also contractually agreed with the customer."
"Does your organisation have an appointed person responsible for information security, such as a CISO?"	"Yes, our organization has an appointed person responsible for information security. The Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) is Saravanan Sankaran"
Does your organisation have a documented Cybersecurity Policy or Information Security Policy?	"Yes, we have a documented Information Security Policy. This policy outlines our commitment to safeguarding our information assets and protecting the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our data. It applies to all employees, contractors, and third-party personnel who have access to our information assets, including systems, networks, data, and physical facilities. The policy includes objectives such as implementing access controls, maintaining data integrity, ensuring system availability, complying with relevant laws and regulations, and continuously improving our security posture through regular risk assessments and audits"
Does your organisation have a formal policy on the use of mobile devices?	"Yes, we have a formal policy on the use of mobile devices. The Secure Login Policy outlines the proper use and security measures for mobile devices. "
Does your organisation have a formal policy for remote working that includes security?	"Yes, Netradyne has a formal policy for remote working that includes security."
Does your organisation have a documented Acceptable Use Policy that outlines the rules for the acceptable use of company IT assets and information?	"Yes, we have a documented Acceptable Use Policy that outlines the rules for the acceptable use of company IT assets and information."
Does your organisation have a documented Information Classification Policy?	"Yes, we have a documented Information Classification Policy. "
Does your organisation have a documented Access Control Policy?	"Yes, we have a documented Access Control Policy. The policy defines the controls needed to protect information assets against unauthorized access and includes guidelines for user access management, network access, operating system security, and mobile computing. "
Does your organisation have a policy governing the use of cloud services?	"Yes, we have policies governing the use of cloud services."
Does your organisation have a Password Policy that is technically enforced throughout its IT estate?	"Yes, we have a technically enforced Password Policy throughout our IT estate."
Does your organisation have a documented Backup Policy?	"Yes, we have a documented Backup Policy."
Does your organisation enforce a Clear Desk and Screen Policy?	"Yes, we enforce a Clear Desk and Screen Policy to reduce the risk of unauthorized access or loss of information"
"Does your organisation prevent the use of removable media, and is this enforced technically?"	"Yes, we prevent the use of removable media and enforce this technically. The policy for the use of removable media is also defined under the ""Netradyne Acceptable Usage Policy."" "
"If the use of removable media is not prohibited and enforced technically, is its use subject to other compensatory controls?"	
Are your organisation's information security policies accessible to all employees?	"Yes, its is accessible to all employees and this get communicated on periodic basis."
Are your organisation's information security policies reviewed and approved by senior management at least annually?	"Yes, our organization's information security policies are reviewed and approved by senior management at least annually. This is part of our commitment to maintaining a secure and resilient information environment, and the policy is updated as necessary to address changes in technology, business practices, and regulatory requirements "
Does your organisation restrict employee access to business information based upon the principle of least privilege?	"Yes, we restrict employee access to business information based on the principle of least privilege. This is enforced through various measures such as:
User Access Provisioning
Access Control Matrix
Users and Groups
Role Based Access Controls 
Separation of Duties"
Does your organisation have an internal audit function that ensures information security requirements are being met by the business?	"Yes, we have an internal audit function that ensures information security requirements are being met by the business."
Does your organisation complete annual risk assessments against the IT estate that include security risks?	"Yes, we complete annual risk assessments against the IT estate that include security risks. Netradyne's InfoSec team performs periodic risk assessments to identify risks and associated mitigation strategies, including controls."
"Does your organisation have a formal confidentiality or non-disclosure agreement in place for all staff, contractors and third parties?"	"Yes, we have a formal Non-Disclosure Agreement (NDA) in place for all staff, contractors, and third parties. This agreement ensures the protection of confidential information and compliance with contractual obligations regarding the handling and protection of confidential information"
Does your organisation segregate duties to prevent unauthorised disclosure or access to information?	"Yes, we implement Separation of Duties to prevent unauthorized disclosure or access to information."
Does your organisation have a defined process that is followed when a client contract is terminated that includes the secure destruction of client data?	"Yes, the organisation has a defined process for the secure destruction of client data upon contract termination."
Does your organisation perform background checks on staff and contractors?	"Yes, We have a defined background verification policy which covers both staff and contractors."
Do employment contracts include consenting to all information security responsibilities in line with organisational policies and procedures?	"Yes, employment contracts at Netradyne include a clause for consenting to all information security responsibilities in line with organizational policies and procedures."
Do employees receive an information security and data protection training programme?	"Yes, we provide comprehensive information security and data protection training programs to our employees"
Is there a formal disciplinary process for employees who have breached company policy (including any breaches of company security policy)?	"Yes, We have defined a disciplinary policy for employees who breach company policies, including security policies. Non-compliance with the information security policy may result in disciplinary action"
Does your organisation keep an up-to-date inventory of all IT assets with assigned owners?	"Yes, we maintain an up-to-date inventory of all IT assets with assigned owners. The IT Team is responsible for updating the Asset Inventory Registry with the status of assets, including those under repair, in use, or disposed of"
Does your organisation keep an up-to-date inventory of all data repositories (such as databases) with assigned owners?	Yes
"Does your organisation have a formal process to ensure that employees, contractors and third party users return all IT assets when they leave the organisation?"	"Yes, Netradyne has a centralized employee exit process to ensure all access is revoked upon exit. This process is also applicable to contractors."
Does your organisation have a process for editing or removing employee access to systems and information (whether digital or physical) when they are changing role or leaving the organisation?	"Yes, Netradyne has a process for editing or removing employee access to systems and information when they are changing role or leaving the organisation. This process is documented and involves revoking access rights and privileges in line with the access control policy."
Does your organisation have a documented process for provisioning user accounts for all of your IT services that includes appropriate authorisation and secure account creation with unique user IDs?	"Yes, Netradyne has a documented process for provisioning user accounts for all IT services, which includes appropriate authorisation and secure account creation with unique user IDs."
 Does your organisation enforce multi-factor authentication on all remotely accessible services (both within your internal IT systems and on third party services)?	"Yes, we maintain an up-to-date inventory of all data repositories with assigned owners. This is part of our comprehensive data management and security practices, ensuring that all data is properly managed and protected"
"Are privileged access accounts, and accounts of a sensitive nature, subject to a higher level of authorisation than user accounts before being provisioned?"	"Yes, privileged access accounts and accounts of a sensitive nature are subject to a higher level of authorization than user accounts before being provisioned."
Does your organisation review employee access rights for all IT services (whether internal or third party based) at regular intervals?	"Yes, we review employee access rights for all IT services, whether internal or third-party based, at regular intervals."
"How many access audits does your organisation conduct each year, for regular employee accounts?"	We do periodic access reviews on regular intervals across the year.
"How many access audits does your organisation conduct each year, for privileged employee accounts?"	Access reviews for privileged accounts are conducted quarterly.
Do all of your organisation’s systems automatically lock after a short period of inactivity (requiring re-authentication)?	Yes
For how many minutes does a user have to be inactive before the system is locked?	15 minutes
Has your organisation disabled auto-run on all of its Microsoft Windows based IT systems?	"Yes, our organization has implemented stringent security measures, including disabling auto-run on all Microsoft Windows-based IT systems to prevent unauthorized execution of programs and enhance overall security"
Has your organisation removed local administrator rights on all end point devices for all employees that do not require it?	"Yes, No user have a local admin rights by default. Exception request need to be raised to get temporary access for privileged access which must be approved by requestor's manager and infosec team. This access in only provided for short period of time"
"Does your organisation operate a secure configuration process to reduce any unnecessary vulnerabilities in your IT systems, including systems hosted in a cloud environment?"	"Yes, we operate a secure configuration process to reduce unnecessary vulnerabilities in our IT systems, including those hosted in a cloud environment."
Do all systems (such as network devices) have their default credentials changed on installation or provision?	"Yes, all systems, including network devices, have their default credentials changed upon installation or provisioning. This is part of the access control measures to ensure security"
Does your organisation have a formal change management process that gives consideration to information security?	"Yes, we have a formal change management process that considers information security. All changes are designed, proposed, and approved by Netradyne personnel as part of the change management policy."
"Does your organisation use anti-malware controls, such as an Endpoint Detection and Response (EDR) solution, to protect all of its endpoints and internal IT infrastructure?"	"Yes, we use anti-malware controls, including an Endpoint Detection and Response (EDR) solution, to protect all of our endpoints and internal IT infrastructure. We use CrowdStrike as our anti-malware and EDR solution across the organization to identify, quarantine, or remediate malware infections"
Does your organisation have procedures in place to control the installation of software on IT production systems (such as servers)?	"Yes, we have procedures in place to control the installation of software on IT production systems, such as servers. The process involves using Ansible to configure and install software on production systems."
Does your organisation have procedures in place to control the installation of software on user endpoint systems?	"Yes, we have procedures in place to control the installation of software on user endpoint systems. Only approved software is allowed, and it must be installed either by the IT department upon authorized request or from an internal self-service portal."
Does your organisation use laptop devices?	Yes
Are all laptop hard drives encrypted?	"Yes, all laptop hard drives in our organization are encrypted."
Does your organisation allow employees to access company data or services through mobile phones or tablets?	"Production environment is only accessible through Corporate laptop/endpoints using authorized VPN or under Corporate network. We do have robust endpoint protection and network protection in place, including MDMs such as JAMF and Intune."
Does your organisation technically enforce security controls on mobile phones and tablets before allowing access to company data or services?	"Yes, We implement security measures such as AES 256-bit encryption for data at rest, SSL/TLS 1.2+ for data in transit, and periodic security testing of web applications, mobile applications, and APIs. We do also have MDM solution such as JAMF, Endpoint Central and Intune in place. production data are not accessible through mobile devices or tablets."
Can your organisation remotely wipe company data on mobile phones and tablets?	Yes
Does your organisation encrypt client data on its IT systems?	"Yes, we encrypt client data on our IT systems. Data stored on devices is encrypted using the AES-256 algorithm, and data stored in AWS S3 cloud storage is also encrypted using AES-256 SSE encryption."
"Does your organisation ensure that all IT systems used are regularly patched with security patches in line with vendor recommendations, including user end point devices, network devices, and servers?"	"Yes, we ensure that all IT systems, including user endpoint devices, network devices, and servers, are regularly patched with security patches in line with vendor recommendations."
Does your organisation run any applications or systems that are no longer supported and no longer receive security updates?	No
Does your organisation ensure that all used digital media (that may have stored data) is disposed of securely and are certificates of destruction obtained?	"NA, we ensure that all used digital media that may have stored data is disposed of securely. The destruction process is defined in our Asset Disposal process also certificate of destructions are obtained "
Does your organisation take regular backups of its digital production data?	"Yes, we take regular backups of our digital production data. We use AWS EBS volumes for storage, and point-in-time snapshots of EBS volumes are taken and used as a baseline for new volumes or for data backup."
Does your organisation regularly test backups to ensure their effectiveness?	"Yes, we regularly test backups to ensure their effectiveness."
"Does your organisation prevent unauthorised transfer of data via email, web browsers, or other data transfer mechanisms?"	"Yes, we implement several controls to prevent unauthorized transfer of data via email, web browsers, or other data transfer mechanisms."
Are all of your organisation's network perimeter ingress and egress points protected by firewalls?	"Yes, we protect all network perimeter ingress and egress points with firewalls. Perimeter firewalls are installed between all wireless networks"
"Were the firewalls implemented using a deny all policy, with rules built around your organisation’s requirements?"	"Yes, the firewalls at Netradyne are implemented with a deny all policy, allowing only authorized traffic based on business requirements."
Does your organisation review its firewall rules at least annually?	"Yes, we review our firewall rules at least annually as part of our comprehensive security practices, audit and assessments."
Does your organisation place all publicly accessible services in isolated network DMZs (or separate subnets)?	"Yes, we place all publicly accessible services in isolated network DMZs or separate subnets. Our network security is managed using VPC security groups, and network traffic is monitored with AWS GuardDuty to alert if any anomalies are found."
"Does your organisation secure and encrypt remote connections to its network (for example, by using VPNs or SSH connections)?"	"Yes, we secure and encrypt remote connections to our network using VPNs. Our VPN connections are encrypted with AES-256 and authenticated using TLS 1.2+ with Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) enabled "
Does your organisation secure remote access to its network using multi-factor authentication?	Yes
"Has your organisation implemented any network monitoring controls such as Intrusion Detection Systems (IDS), Intrusion Prevention Systems (IPS), or Security Information and Event
Management (SIEM) systems?"	"Yes, we have implemented multiple network monitoring controls (such as Meraki and other CISCO devices as IDS/IPS and Wazuh as SIEM) to ensure the security and integrity of our network."
Does your organisation have defined processes in place to ensure that all security alerts from logging and monitoring solutions are reviewed and actioned as necessary?	"Yes, we have defined processes to ensure that all security alerts from logging and monitoring solutions are reviewed and actioned as necessary. Our procedures include:
Event Logging
Incident Response
Continuous Monitoring
Compliance Checks"
Has your organisation implemented any internal network segmentation and segregation?	"Yes, we have implemented internal network segmentation and segregation. Our organization uses different Virtual Private Clouds (VPCs) to segregate networks in different environments."
"Does your organisation secure and encrypt all data transfers using an appropriate control/protocol (for example, SFTP, HTTPS)?"	"Yes, we secure and encrypt all data transfers using appropriate controls and protocols. "
Does your organisation conduct regular external automated vulnerability scans of its public facing IT infrastructure and remediate any findings?	"Yes, we conduct regular external automated vulnerability scans of our public-facing IT infrastructure. We leverage external vulnerability scans and VAPTs (Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Testing) at regular intervals and we remediate the findings from Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Tests (VAPTs) through a structured process."
How many external automated vulnerability scans does your organisation conduct each year?	"External vulnerability scans are conducted on a periodic basis, at least twice annually."
Does your organisation conduct regular internal automated vulnerability scans of its IT infrastructure and remediate any findings?	Yes
How many internal automated vulnerability scans does your organisation conduct each year?	"Internal vulnerability scans are conducted on a periodic basis, at least twice annually."
Does your organisation conduct regular penetration tests of its public facing IT infrastructure?	Yes
Does your organisation conduct regular penetration tests (or red teams) of its internal systems (that assumes a compromise of perimeter controls)?	Yes
Does your organisation have processes in place to triage and remediate identified vulnerabilities by inputting them into the relevant workflows?	"Yes, we have processes in place to triage and remediate identified vulnerabilities by inputting them into the relevant workflows."
Does your organisation record and store user activity logs for the cloud environments network and associated services?	Yes
For how many months does your organisation stores its user activity logs?	12 months
Does your organisation record and store the logs of root/super user/ administrator actions for the network and associated services?	"Yes, we record and store the logs of root, super user, and administrator actions."
For how many months does your organisation stores its root/super-user/administrator logs?	12 months
Are all logs stored on a secure/hardened server that is logically separate from the systems being logged?	"Yes, we store our logs on secure and hardened servers that are logically separate from the systems being logged. "
"Does your organisation have a testing process to test business critical applications before they are deployed, to ensure there is no adverse impact on operations or security?"	"Yes, we have a comprehensive testing process to ensure business-critical applications are thoroughly tested before deployment."
Does your organisation segregate its production environment from any testing or development environments?	"Yes, we do have environment segregation. "
"Does your organisation manage and control the use of, and access to, any cryptographic keys?"	"Yes, we manage and control the use of, and access to, cryptographic keys through a comprehensive key management process using suitable key vaults such as AWS KMS. "
"Does your organisation enforce a secure physical perimeter around all of its physical locations (e.g. offices, data centres)?"	Yes
Does your organisation use CCTV to monitor entry and exit points of all premises?	Yes
For how many days does your organisation keep CCTV footage?	30 days
Does your organisation use an access control system on its premises entry and exit points that includes logging of access?	Yes
For how many months does your organisation keeps its physical access control audit logs?	"Yes, we keep our physical access control audit logs for a 12 months."
Are all of your organisation's physical premises secured with an alarm?	"Yes, our organization's physical premises are secured with various security measures, including alarm systems."
Are all of your organisation's physical premises manned 24/7 by a security team or reception team?	Yes
Does your organisation use visitor log books (or the digital equivalent) to record visitors at all premises?	Yes
Does your organisation require visitors to undergo an ID check on arrival at all premises?	Yes
Does your organisation protect sensitive equipment from power failures?	"Yes, we protect sensitive equipment from power failures. Our measures include:
Backup Power Systems: We use generators to provide backup power until the main power is restored. 
Utility Systems Documentation: All utility systems in use at our facilities are identified and documented with detailed maintenance procedures.
Environmental Monitoring: We monitor environmental conditions such as temperature and humidity to ensure they do not adversely affect the operation of information processing facilities"
Does your organisation ensure confidential paper waste is disposed of securely?	"Yes, we ensure that confidential paper waste is disposed of securely. "
Does your organisation have a documented Incident Response Plan?	"Yes, we have a documented Incident Response Plan. The plan outlines the procedures for responding to information security incidents, including defining roles and responsibilities, detection and reporting, assessment and decision-making, containment, eradication, recovery, and follow-up actions."
Does your organisation's Incident Response Plan include roles and responsibilities in the event of an incident?	"Yes, our organization's Incident Response Plan includes defined roles and responsibilities in the event of an incident. The plan outlines the roles of the Owner, who is responsible for ensuring the document is up to date and compliant, and the Reviewers/Stakeholders, who represent teams affected by the document. Approvers are the persons of authority to validate and sign off on the document, and the Document Release team works with the repository administrator to make the release version available"
Does your organisation have a cyber incident response and forensic capability (either internally or via a third party or cyber insurance policy)?	Yes
"Does your organisation have a process for employees, contractors, and suppliers to report suspected or known information security breaches and weaknesses?"	"Yes, we have a process in place for employees, contractors, and suppliers to report suspected or known information security breaches and weaknesses. All employees are required to comply with security policies and procedures, report security incidents promptly, and participate in security training and awareness programs"
Does your organisation have a process for reporting information security breaches that affect your clients to them in a timely manner?	"Yes, we have a process for reporting information security breaches that affect our clients in a timely manner. Our Incident Response plan includes procedures for detecting, responding to, and recovering from security incidents. This plan ensures that incidents are communicated to the appropriate stakeholders and that measures are taken to prevent reoccurrence."
Does your organisation conduct a root cause analysis for all information security incidents that are reported?	Yes
Does your organisation have an approved Business Continuity Plan to ensure the continuity of service in a disaster?	"Yes, we have an approved Business Continuity Plan to ensure the continuity of service in the event of a disaster. The plan includes guidance and procedures for handling disasters, incidents, crises, or threats."
Does your organisation have an annual programme in place for the rehearsal of your BC and DR solutions?	"Yes, we conduct periodic DR-plan drills every year to ensure the effectiveness of our Disaster Recovery solutions. These drills are tracked and documented, and involve various scenarios to test our systems and processes"
"Does your organisation have formal agreements in place to control third party use of personal data, including any requirements stipulated by relevant data protection legislation?"	"Yes, we have formal agreements in place to control third-party use of personal data. These agreements include:
Supplier Data Processing Agreement
Cross Border Data Transfer Agreement
Supplier and Business Partner Contracts"
"Does your organisation have formal agreements in place that have appropriate security clauses, including a right to audit and mandatory adherence to security policies?"	"Yes, our organization has formal agreements in place that include appropriate security clauses."
Does your organisation conduct a business impact assessment for each supplier and give them a corresponding criticality rating?	"Yes, we conduct business impact assessments for each supplier and assign them a corresponding criticality rating. Critical suppliers are evaluated to assess whether they can continue to support company-critical activities in the event of a disaster, crisis, or pandemic. This assessment is part of our disaster recovery plan"
Does your organisation have a supplier security policy that outlines the security requirements that your suppliers are expected to meet?	Yes
Does your organisation conduct security due diligence against suppliers before entering into a contract?	"Yes, we conduct security due diligence against suppliers before entering into a contract. The process includes:
Sourcing
Technical Screening
Due Diligence
Evaluation
Risk Identification/Recommendations
Decision Making
Continuous Monitoring"
Does your organisation conduct regular assurance activities against suppliers to ensure they are meeting their information security requirements?	"Yes, we conduct regular assurance activities against suppliers to ensure they are meeting their information security requirements. This is part of our commitment to safeguarding our information assets and maintaining a secure and resilient information environment."